---
id: my-story
title: My Story
date: 2018-05-16T23:02:17-04:00
location: Columbia, Maryland
author: k3jph
layout: post
guid: my-story
permalink: /2018/05/16/my-story/
image: /img/posts/my-story.jpg 
categories:
  - News
tags:
  - Election 2018
---
I have been fortunate to take advantage of the opportunities life
and society have offered me and have made the most of them. I want
children (and adults!) of District 12 and Maryland to have access
to the opportunities I have had.

From an early age I have been fascinated by science and technology.
In 1994, while in 8th grade, I checked out this book:

<blockquote class="embedly-card" data-card-key="66f8489580e04fc4a88a724eb5058bb3" data-card-type="article-full"><h4><a href="https://www.amazon.com/Artificial-Life-Frontier-Computers-Biology/dp/0679743898">ARTIFICIAL LIFE</a></h4><p>ARTIFICIAL LIFE [Levy, Steven] on Amazon.com. *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. ARTIFICIAL LIFE</p></blockquote>
<script async src="//cdn.embedly.com/widgets/platform.js" charset="UTF-8"></script>

It spurred my interest in the various facets of the field that is
today knows as "data science." And it is a field I have worked in
now for more than 15 years, at such places as the White House, the
Federal Reserve, and the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics
Laboratory.

After completing 10th grade, I started attending Miami University
in Ohio on a dual-enrollment program for high school and college.
In June of 1998, I graduated high school (despite barely having set
foot on the campus for two years) and that fall I entered the
University of Maryland with 57 credits—almost halfway to my bachelor's
Degree. Eventually, I earned a master's degree from the University
of Baltimore in public administration and a Ph.D. from UMBC.

{% include figure.html image="jh-purple-300px.jpg" placement="left" width="50%" %}

Today I teach at UMUC while still searching for opportunities to
further my education when I can. I consider education a gift and a
platform for people to achieve mobility in society. Which is why I
feel we need to make a wide range of educational opportunities open
and accessible to all. And fully support our teachers and educators
of all kinds, who are entrusted with a serious and solemn responsibility.

I did not grow up with a silver spoon in my mouth; I was never part
of any sheltered social class. I believe my life’s path so far is
a testament to my belief in education and in my desire to use
education to make myself a better person.
